---
title: "Noel Levitz employee satisfaction survey results are in"
link: "http://www.kcc.edu/FacultyStaff/update/Lists/Announcements/DispForm.aspx?ID=686"
sort_date: 1335360120000
pubDate: "25 Apr 2012 13:22:00 GMT"
creator: "Elizabeth Becvar"
---

<div><b>Body:</b> <div class="ExternalClass44605056AFA14EEB98813B91C2F1389B">
<div><font size="2"><font color="#993300">Notable improvement shown in many areas <br /></font> <br />In order for a timely release of the 2012 Noel Levitz Employee Satisfaction survey (administered in February, 2012), the Employee Morale Committee is pleased to share the first of a series of results.</font></div>
<div><font size="2">This release is a general summary of employees’ satisfaction with their employment at KCC. <br /> <br />Some highlights:<br /> <br />• From 2011-2012, 92% (57) of the survey’s 62 questions showed improvement. Only four questions (6.5%) showed a decrease in satisfaction, and one remained the same.<br /> <br />• The number of employees completing the survey increased from 130 to 196 (51% increase). <br /> <br />• In the 2011 administration of the survey, employees rated three of the 62 questions with a satisfaction rating of 3.0 or less with the lowest satisfaction rating of 2.85.  This year (2012), the lowest satisfaction rating of any question was a 3.08. <br /> <br />The Employee Morale Committee reviews all results of the Employee Satisfaction Survey but focuses attention on trends in employee satisfaction related to two main questions: 1) How satisfied are employees with their employment thus far; and 2) How satisfied are employees with the way the college promotes positive employee morale? </font></div>
<div><font size="2">All ratings are on a scale of 1-5 with 5 being &quot;very satisfied&quot; or &quot;very important,&quot; depending on the statement.</font></div>
<div><font size="2">From 2011-2012, the satisfaction rates improved for both -– from 3.84 to 4.02 and from 3.10 to 3.29, respectively.<br /> <br />The 10 statements with the highest employee satisfaction ratings include: <br />. I am proud to work at this institution. (4.23)<br />. The type of work I do on most days is personally rewarding. (4.20)<br />. The work I do is valuable to the institution. (3.98)<br />. The employee benefits available to me are valuable. (3.96)<br />. My job makes good use of my skills and abilities. (3.94)<br />. I am secure in my job as long as I do good work. (3.93)<br />. I learn about important campus events in a timely manner. (3.89)<br />. The work I do is appreciated by my supervisor. (3.87)<br />. The administration is concerned about the safety, security, and general well being of its employees. (3.86)<br />. The institution does a good job of meeting the needs of administrators (3.85) </font></div><font size="2">
<div><br />The 10 statements with the lowest employee satisfaction ratings include:<br />. Employees receive a thorough orientation to their new positions. (3.08)<br />. I have adequate opportunities for advancement. (3.09)<br />. There are effective lines of communication between departments. (3.10)<br />. The institution consistently follows clear processes for orienting and training new employees. (3.12)<br />. The institution consistently follows clear processes for recognizing employee achievements. (3.14)<br />. There is a spirit of teamwork and cooperation at this institution. (3.15)<br />. I have sufficient opportunity to provide input to a decision being made that affects my work (3.24)<br />. The institution has written procedures that clearly define who is responsible for each operation and service. (3.26)<br />. The administration respects and demonstrates appreciation for a job well done (3.28)<br />. The college promotes positive employee morale. (3.29) <br /></div>
<div>The 10 statements with the highest satisfaction ratings showing the most improvement from 2011-2012, including those which are statistically significant (marked with *) are:<br />. My department or work unit has written, up to date objectives. (up .31 to 3.63*)<br />. The work I do is appreciated by my supervisor. (up .30 to 3.87*)<br />. I am paid fairly for the work I do. (up .27 to 3.40*)<br />. My department has the budget needed to do its job well. (up .27 to 3.37*)<br />. I am empowered to resolve problems quickly. (up .25 to 3.49*)<br />. There are effective lines of communication between departments. (up .24 to 3.10*)<br />. My supervisor pays attention to what I have to say. (up .24 to 3.84)<br />. My supervisor helps me improve my job performance. (up .24 to 3.68)<br />. I am proud to work at this institution. (up .23 to 4.23*)<br />. I have sufficient opportunity to provide input prior to a decision being made that affects my work. (up .23 to 3.24)<br />Note: This statement also had a statistically significant increase: “Most employees are generally supportive of the mission, purpose, and values of this institution.&quot; -- from 3.49 to 3.67. </div>
<div></font> </div>
<div><font size="2">The 10 statements showing the most decline, or the smallest increase in employee satisfaction from 2011-2012 include:<br />. The institution does a good job of meeting the needs of students. (down .16 to 3.59)<br />. Faculty take pride in their work. (down .07 to 3.57)<br />. The leadership of this institution has a clear sense of purpose. (down .03 to 3.70)<br />. Administrators share information regularly with faculty and staff. (down .02 to 3.34)<br />. This institution treats students as its top priority. (no change. 3.75)<br />. There is good communication between the faculty and the administration at this institution. (up .02 to 3.30)<br />. My department has the staff needed to do its job well. (up .02 to 3.32)<br />. Staff take pride in their work. (up .03 to 3.72)<br />. I am secure in my job as long as I do good work. (up .04 to 3.93)<br />. There is good communication between staff and the administration at this institution. (up .04 to 3.33)</font></div>
<div><font size="2"></font> </div>
<div><font size="2">In future Updates, the Employee Morale Committee will release: 1) employees’ responses to the survey’s open ended questions; 2) a comparison of 2012 results with other two year schools; and 3) a comparison of results by administrator, faculty, and support staff.  To see the source data for the information above  please see the <a href="/FacultyStaff/Documents/NoelLevitz2012sortedbySAT.pdf">attached document</a>. </font></div>
<div><font size="2"></font> </div>
<div><font size="2"></font> </div>
<div> </div>
<div><font size="2">***</font></div>
<div><font size="2"></font> </div>
<div><font size="2"><a href="/FacultyStaff/update/Pages/dailyupdate.aspx">Go to Online Update</a></font><font size="2"></font></div>
<div><font size="2"><br /> <br /> <br /></div></font></div></div>
<div><b>Expires:</b> 5/9/2012</div>
<div><b>Created:</b> 4/25/2012 8:22 AM</div>
<div><b>Created By:</b> Elizabeth Becvar</div>
<div><b>Start Date:</b> 4/25/2012</div>
<div><b>Title:</b> Noel Levitz employee satisfaction survey results are in</div>
