---
title: "Project updates"
link: "http://www.kcc.edu/FacultyStaff/update/Lists/Announcements/DispForm.aspx?ID=301"
sort_date: 1305552370000
pubDate: "16 May 2011 13:26:10 GMT"
creator: "Elizabeth Becvar"
---

<div><b>Body:</b> <div class=ExternalClass6E202547659F4FF5BAFA3CACDBD31212><div><font size=2>From Rich Soderquist, director of facilities and campus safety<br> <br>Following is information about college projects which are planned and underway.<br> <br><font color="#0000ff">Heating, ventilation, air-conditioning project for Phase II <br></font>    Piping modification work is complete. Installation of the two access doors is complete. Prep work for demolition of the existing air handlers begins Thursday. The demolition of existing units begins May 16. A crane will operate from near the loading dock on the east end of the building. The majority of the crane and debris work will be completed on Fridays when the college is closed. Installation of the new units is scheduled to begin June 15. The air handlers will be down until July 15. The project is scheduled to be complete on July 29. <br>    A separate article &quot;Heating, ventilation, air-conditioning (HVAC) project&quot; has more detail.<br> <br><font color="#0000ff">Wind tower<br></font>    The construction of the wind tower is complete. All the electrical wiring above and below ground is complete. The connections to the campus transformer and the turbine transformer are complete. The turbine was operated and commissioned on Saturday April 30. An application for an operating permit has been submitted to ComEd. As soon as the college received approval the turbine can begin regular operation. Installation of the fence and final grading of the site will be completed by May 23.</font></div>
<div><font size=2></font> </div>
<div><font size=2><font color="#0000ff">Back-up generator<br></font>    Installation of the generator is complete. The generator and the transfer system have been tested. The commissioning of the controls is complete. Final grading of the site will be complete by May 13. The system is now operational and regular testing will be done weekly, with full load testing done every month. Testing will not affect the college's normal operations or schedule.<br> <br><font color="#0000ff">L Building third floor east-end women's washroom repair<br></font>    The board of trustees approved the project and it will begin on May 16. The washroom will be closed during the work. The work is anticipated to take six to 10 days, depending on structural conditions behind the supporting wall. The project consists of minor demolition, wall repair, ceiling repair, painting, and re-installation of bathroom fixtures. Staging for the project will be on the east end of the L building. The project is anticipated to be complete by May 28.<br> <br><font color="#0000ff">Sculpture site improvements<br></font>    Site work for the new sculpture has been approved. The work may begin the week of May 16-20. The courtyard and main building entrance will remain open. There will be construction barriers around the sculpture circle. The work consists of removal of the existing art work, (it will be installed at a new site at a later date); storm sewer renovation; re-configuration of the electric service; ground preparation; installation of the foundation/pad for the new sculpture, &quot;Meridian IX&quot;; and placement of turf grass. The sculpture is scheduled to be complete in late June or early July and installed before the fall semester.<br> <br><font color="#0000ff">Parking lot and roadway improvements<br></font>    The board of trustees approved seeking bids for repairs to the existing parking lots, re-surfacing on the west center roadway by the large island, installation of sidewalks through certain parking islands, and repair of two storm water drainage structures. The bids will be presented to the board in June for consideration. If approved, the work would begin as soon as possible, and could be complete before the fall semester begins.<br></font></div></div></div>
<div><b>Expires:</b> 5/21/2011</div>
<div><b>Created:</b> 5/16/2011 8:26 AM</div>
<div><b>Created By:</b> Elizabeth Becvar</div>
<div><b>Start Date:</b> 5/16/2011</div>
<div><b>Title:</b> Project updates</div>
