---
title: "Recognition honorees"
link: "http://www.kcc.edu/FacultyStaff/update/Lists/Announcements/DispForm.aspx?ID=1737"
sort_date: 1416430089000
pubDate: "19 Nov 2014 20:48:09 GMT"
creator: "Elizabeth Becvar"
---

<div><b>Body:</b> <div class="ExternalClass64A2FDDB8A7C442EBF54A3268AA166E1"><p>​On Nov. 14, Kankakee Community College held a recognition ceremony to honor 39 faculty, staff and administrators for service at the college. <br /><br /><strong>Brian Yeoman</strong> of St. Anne was honored for 40 years of service, the first KCC employee to reach that milestone. Yeoman started at KCC on Feb. 19, 1974. He is currently the college’s assistant director of the Physical Plant Department.<br /><br />“He is and has been on call, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, for many years,” said Rich Soderquist, KCC’s director of facilities and campus safety. “When the snow falls, when the power is out, when the temperatures inside are rising, he is the first one here. But he is not here only for the problems. He has also been here to help build each new building, (and) to integrate all the new technological improvements.”<br /><br />Others honored were: <br />Thirty years of employment, since 1984 – <strong>Stephen Dockemeyer</strong>, technician III, Media Services Department; <strong>Cyndy Riordan</strong>, administrative assistant II, Student Services Department; and<strong> Dennis Sorensen</strong>, vice president for instructional and student success (now retired).<br /><br />Twenty-five years of employment, since 1989 – <strong>Doris Benjamin,</strong> administrative assistant I for the Admissions and Registration Department (now retired); <strong>Penny Berger</strong>, manager I, curriculum support/administrative assistant IV, Instructional and Student Success Office; <strong>Michele Buikema,</strong> administrative assistant II, Accounting Office; <strong>Rick Elliott</strong>, coordinator of administrative information systems, Information Technology Services Department; <strong>Kathy French</strong>, manager III, Information Technology Services Department (now retired); <strong>Carol Whittington</strong>, supervisor II, Adult and Community Education Department (now retired); and <strong>Chris Young</strong>, assistant director of the Upward Bound Program, Student Services Department. <br /><br />Twenty years of employment, since 1994 – <strong>Frank Martin</strong>, technician I, Physical Plant Department; <strong>Mary Posing</strong>, assistant dean, Continuing Education and Career Services Office; and <strong>Judy Spence</strong>, receptionist I, Student Services Department.<br /><br />Fifteen years of employment, since 1999 – <strong>Karen Bayston, Robert Gifford, Prosper Hevi, Dan Harris</strong> (now retired), <strong>Bob Ling, Brenda Newman </strong>and <strong>Kari Nugent</strong>.<br /><br />Ten years of employment, since 2004 – <strong>Linsey Cuti, Sherry Kinzler, Pat Klette, Herman Martinez, David Massey </strong>and<strong> Pam Nault</strong>.<br /><br />Five years of employment, since 2009 – <strong>John Avendano, Linda Berg, Tracy Conner, Jacob Fansler, Michelle Hasik, Cathi Hughes, Rexann McKinley, Allyson Saxton, Chelise Slowik, Keisha Smith, Yuri Starik,</strong> and <strong>Kenneth West</strong>.<br /><br />The college’s President’s Award was given to <strong>Kristine Condon</strong>, professor and coordinator of the KCC paralegal/legal assistant program. The award recognizes determination, loyalty and commitment to the college.  </p>
<p>***</p>
<p> </p>
<p><a href="/FacultyStaff/update/Pages/dailyupdate.aspx">Go to Online Update</a><br /><br /></p></div></div>
<div><b>Expires:</b> 12/5/2014</div>
<div><b>Created:</b> 11/19/2014 2:48 PM</div>
<div><b>Created By:</b> Elizabeth Becvar</div>
<div><b>Start Date:</b> 11/19/2014</div>
<div><b>Title:</b> Recognition honorees</div>
