---
title: "WKCC holiday celebrations will fill airwaves"
link: "http://www.kcc.edu/FacultyStaff/update/Lists/Announcements/DispForm.aspx?ID=1770"
sort_date: 1418398640000
year: 2014
pubDate: "12 Dec 2014 15:37:20 GMT"
creator: "Ellen Schmidt"
---

<div><b>Body:</b> <div class="ExternalClass8C3631AB55EC4E5FA222BB645B49D30F"><p>​<a href="/wkcc">WKCC 91.1 FM</a> will offer seasonal programming for Hanukkah, the Winter Solstice, Christmas and New Year’s Eve.</p>
<p>The celebration begins on the first night of Hanukkah (Dec. 16), continues through the Winter Solstice (Dec. 21) and concludes with Christmas Music and moments as well as New Year’s eve programming filling the airwaves. </p>
<p>Following is the full program schedule, including additional details for some highlighted shows.</p>
<p><strong><span style="color:#00558d">Tuesday, Dec. 16</span><br /></strong><span style="color:#000000">6 p.m.: Chanukah in Story and Song with Leonard Nimoy</span><br />Narrated by Leonard Nimoy and sung by the acclaimed vocal sextet The Western Wind Vocal Ensemble, &quot;Chanukah in Story and Song&quot; is a unique holiday program created especially for public radio listeners. This delightfully engaging program presents 25 eclectic selections, from the Ladino songs of the Spanish Jews and Yiddish melodies of Eastern Europe to modern Israeli tunes and the ensemble's original version of &quot;I Have a Little Dreydle.&quot; <br /><br /><strong style="color:#3db2ff">Sunday, Dec. 21 </strong><br /><span style="color:#000000">1-3 p.m.: A Paul Winter Solstice 2014</span><br />Celebrate the return of the sun and the warming of the heart with Paul Winter's All New 34th Winter Solstice Celebration. On the darkest night of the year, we head back to New York's Cathedral of St. John the Divine to hear The Paul Winter Consort and the glorious Cathedral Pipe Organ. The performance brings traditional holiday favorites and new sounds from around the world with special guests Ivan Lins and Renato Braz. Hosted by John Schaefer.</p>
<p><strong style="color:#b10069">Monday, Dec. 22 </strong><br /><span style="color:#000000">4-5 p.m.: Candles Burning Brightly</span></p>
<p><strong style="color:#760046">Tuesday, Dec. 23</strong><br /><span style="color:#000000">4:30-5 p.m.: Heaven and Nature Sing</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">5-6 p.m.: Christmas with Annie Moses Band</span></p>
<p><strong style="color:#c27801">Wednesday, Dec. 24</strong><br /><span style="color:#000000">9 a.m.: Rochester Festival of Lessons and Carols</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">10 a.m.: Tinsel Tales - NPR Christmas Favorites #1</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">11 a.m.: Christmas with Madrigalla</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">Noon: Tinsel Tales - NPR Christmas Favorites #2</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">1 p.m.: Joy to the World</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">2 p.m.: Hanukkah Lights 2014</span></p>
<p><span style="color:#000000">3 p.m.: A Christmas Carol with Jonathan Winters</span><br />A public radio tradition hosted by NPR's Susan Stamberg. Master comedian Jonathan Winters presents a distinctive reading of Dickens' holiday classic, with a special performing edition prepared by Dickens for his own presentations. </p>
<p style="color:#000000">4 p.m.: Christmas Celtic Sojourn</p>
<p style="color:#000000"><span style="color:#000000">6 p.m.: Christmas on Jazz After Hours</span><br />Jazz musicians have always had holiday fun re-interpreting classic Christmas songs and giving them a jazzy twist. This year, Jazz After Hours has pulled out the dusty box of Christmas jazz from among the ornaments and other decorations, and is planning a brand new four-hour Christmas special. </p>
<p><strong style="color:#288400">Thursday, Dec. 25</strong><br /><span style="color:#000000">9 a.m.: Baroque Christmas in the New World: </span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">10 a.m.: Welcome Christmas: </span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">11 a.m.: Tinsel Tales - NPR Christmas Favorites - #3 </span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">Noon: Chanticleer Christmas 2014</span></p>
<p><span style="color:#000000">1 p.m.: Messiah with the Pittsburgh Symphony</span><br />The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra celebrates the season with a performance of Handel's Messiah. Betsy Burleigh conducts the orchestra, soloists and Mendelssohn Choir of Pittsburgh at Heinz Hall. </p>
<p><span style="color:#000000">3  p.m.: Christmas with Morehouse &amp; Spelman Glee Club</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">4 p.m.: St. Olaf</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">5 p.m.: Messiah from the Washington National Cathedral</span><br style="color:#000000" /><span style="color:#000000">6 p.m.: All Songs Considered</span></p>
<p><strong style="color:#cc9900"><span style="color:#cc9900">Wednesday, Dec. 31</span></strong><br /><span style="color:#000000">5 p.m.: Capitol Steps—Politics Takes a Holiday New Year's Edition 2014</span><br />Help say good-bye and good riddance to 2014 with the Capitol Steps and their annual year-end review. It’s all in their hour-long special of “Politics Takes a Holiday!” This year will feature all-new awards, such as: “Is that guy jumping the White House fence or is he just really into Michelle’s ‘Get Moving’ campaign? “You say ISIS, I say ISIL. Let’s call the whole thing off.” And of course, “I scream, you scream, we all scream EBOLA!”</p>
<p><span style="color:#000000">8 p.m.: New Year's Eve on Jazz After Hours</span><br /><br />WKCC can be heard at 91.1 FM and anywhere through a <a href="/archive/radio/Pages/listen.aspx">live internet stream</a>, available at <a href="http://www.wkccradio.org/">www.wkccradio.org</a>. WKCC is a non-commercial radio station which relies on local business underwriting and listener contributions. The station is licensed to Kankakee Community College and can be heard throughout Kankakee County and in portions of Will, Grundy, Livingston, Ford, and Iroquois counties in Illinois and Newton and Lake counties in Indiana.<br /></p>
<p>***</p>
<p><a href="/update">Go to Online Update</a></p></div></div>
<div><b>Expires:</b> 12/31/2014</div>
<div><b>Created:</b> 12/12/2014 9:37 AM</div>
<div><b>Created By:</b> Ellen Schmidt</div>
<div><b>Start Date:</b> 12/12/2014</div>
<div><b>Title:</b> WKCC holiday celebrations will fill airwaves</div>
